add CMakeConfigDeps (#3999)
conan-io/docs: incubating.rst

- Executables from ``requires`` can also be used in non cross-build scenarios. When a ``tool_requires`` to the same depependency exists, then those executables will have priority.
- Creation of a new ``conan_cmakedeps_paths.cmake`` that contains definitions of ``<pkg>_DIR`` paths for direct finding of the dependencies. This file is also planned to be used in ``cmake-conan`` to extend its usage and avoid some current limitations due to the fact that a CMake driven installation cannot inject a toolchain later.

.. note::
   

>    This generator is only intended to generate ``config.cmake`` config files, it will not generate ``Find.cmake`` find modules, it is not planned to add support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This generator is only intended to generate ``config.cmake`` config files, it will not generate ``Find*.cmake`` find modules, and support for it is not planned.
```

This feature is enabled with the ``-c tools.cmake.cmakedeps:new=will_break_next`` configuration. The value ``will_break_next`` will change in next releases to emphasize the fact that this feature is not suitable for usage beyond testing. Just by enabling this conf and forcing the build of packages that use ``CMakeDeps`` will trigger the usage of the new generator.

This new generator will also be usable in ``conanfile`` files with:

.. code-block::
   :caption: conanfile.txt

   [generators]
   CMakeConfigDeps

.. code-block:: python
   :caption: conanfile.py

   class Pkg(ConanFile):
      generators = "CMakeConfigDeps"

Or: 

.. code-block:: python
   :caption: conanfile.py

   from conan import ConanFile
   from conan.tools.cmake import CMakeConfigDeps

   class TestConan(ConanFile):

      def generate(self):
         deps = CMakeConfigDeps(self)
         deps.generate()

> The ``-c tools.cmake.cmakedeps:new=will_break_next`` is still necessary for this recipe ``CMakeConfigDeps`` usage, if the config is not enable, those recipes will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``-c tools.cmake.cmakedeps:new=will_break_next`` is still necessary for this recipe ``CMakeConfigDeps`` usage, if the config is not enabled, those recipes will fail.
```
